Feature/api/1715/add log drains by db (#107)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _scalingo_api/log_drains.md

| port                | string  | Port of logs management service                                  |
| drain-region        | string  | Region used by logs management service to identify their servers |
| url                 | string  | URL of self hosted ELK                                           |

> | addon_uuid          | string  | UUID of the addon you want to add it to                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| addon_uuid          | string  | UUID of the addon you want to add the log drain to                          |
```

> | addon_uuid          | string  | UUID of the addon you want to add the log drain to                          |

Reviewer: Your table does not look nice, you have the `|` too far away

}
```

> ## Add a new Log Drain to an Addon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add a New Log Drain to an Addon
```

--- row ---

`POST https://$SCALINGO_API_URL/v1/apps/:app/addons/:addon_uuid/log_drains`

### Parameters

* `type`: can be any supported log management services type (e.g. papertrail,
datadog...)
* `token`: used by certain vendor for authentication (optional)
* `host`: host of logs management service (optional)
* `port`: port of logs management service (optional)
* `drain_region`: region used by logs management service to identify their
servers (e.g. region provided by datadog) (optional)
* `url`: URL of self hosted ELK (optional)

||| col |||

Example requests

```shell
curl -H 'Accept: application/json' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -u ":$AUTH_TOKEN" \
  -X POST https://$SCALINGO_API_URL/v1/apps/example-app/addons/ad-9be0fc04-bee6-4981-a403-a9dd4981bd1f/log_drains -d \
  '{
    "drain": {
        "type": "ovh-graylog",
        "token": "5af97be7-34e5-47b6-a016-8d0001228ffb",

>         "host": "tag1.logs.ovh.com"

Reviewer: Shouldn't you add a port in this example? With the value `6514`?

Author: The default port is 6514 and it is not editable so it not necessary to ask for it

Returns 204 No Content

--- row ---

> ## Delete a Log Drain from an Addon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Delete a Log Drain From an Addon
```

--- row ---

`DELETE https://$SCALINGO_API_URL/v1/apps/:app/addons/:addon_uuid/log_drains`

### Parameter

> * `url`: logs drain URL to delete. You can get it by listing the logs drain of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `url`: log drain URL to delete. You can get it by listing the log drains of
```
